Minatore nuovo 15QYqct6uX2rBTiFHstHfMYZ54wsXsXUr9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14gEJovhLmCxr8XqxJqwKPwTqYJQd6jjga
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JrDKqzsE7xWfvfwLs4ZCjyTZ2EZE5Fc87
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 175d7jUMuywqGKfb3VVCV7hLe91EM46Urb
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1ALBQWjJh22mqE7UvssWQUswn1wrVWWBH1
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HvyorMojJp4u7cL59bRJARGi5mQKf9wrB
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NgWK2FLynxiZKDvG9fZWc6TBLferokx7M
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CayeXF1ehCDShjEQZjp2DuFz8EA2bmnG7
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12sQutpWWPuBVXMLKCAAWr2rLKES9UwLvj
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15VVe2EDgckLFRzKUrjXdkm7Pec868p7nS
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 13UzMo444RY2AeE8GwZBv9QfHAiEwv75Z4
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Py1XcN2tA1mnbvCSoK2T6Bo6ZM6qRcjsa
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12cGvJUjfhegU27DcVfc3u6ECtTMrGYg1x
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PJ3TeyMoh8gY7Mah2Bdti4CrwNuNm7NoS
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CoH6axNu9wiCbw1dkTH7kjEUNZjgY7reu
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CcY4NdVQu5LMsRssyCYAQHdj114tUpno6
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14fZ2eyDc6r1xq4Z4LGtcyD7QjYb5d8QzN
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1H2tc8NWD7Qvb8ruEoMeUi5dQ1Xbt5hC7
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Mu3eL2EZK6ptVpHeBCKLqhfpQKTFNsAaP
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 158aaHTBs1d2tDNSpxWPYDBKqTpiu27s1t
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1ENrx1a9H1KKCSteABAPwWHLuWPKvehSrZ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16UUoXoMoVGSYyr7jtryXLLUbcgtoyNsmF
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1D4ogH87SLkhqqPPTkEdKS1cc18WJwad1s
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MFKfKktF4jfBXWiC7AU5TZ3k3RaUCSzi9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KSMoEedkpbjBXhCjn4TuUKEJ76JdAFtx9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1cFamaLfHWwtieH6fh5ghd2g2mh2VCNbi
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1L3qRZtPppgHiR9HLX8xzSHQM7gTactB9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1BpLpi9dw8p49ZaHqYmrTXNFGm74VrTGbV
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HAY8mC2SynfyoeZQyAwCHDpGcDjkcKkDC
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DwNExBk3GwGzvD7DzyZWMVDz57ZHhLvUo
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18jGwkkqb656zJvVmkLbDuGTHmvd4WBYq4
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MRmrVS3vxHianbJkP7C4C4hNzNMvnL3JC
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NyN3joWCAqtQ2Lz6ucRFWtbUCsxqchDgK
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Dtp12anoezpCfKhNvDCHj8XSHtnK5eKoy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PULcV5ussmLYz53L2LbGnb1C4d9b3c3Kr
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19pT5AZw2Rgvxtpg74hqxbBtgAMSjCHcdz
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MGuWngxdSfnfUH74qXiiBAtWVa9mAhjCy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18U4owGL15jNjaX9XTgsgV4WHctcTzfZz2
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KJ5WfyLTxJKF7c25qdD7JKxKemKiEw8KK
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Moy9pEdZbgUw6SMogUSv2BUUzcE4BpKZS
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17tF6t8y18MaeTw6hej7UPZshWx7hp6Gnt
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Ki6sPxLVLvsWTBTSQgC19BUUnZ6LY445r
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PzLwLPQZGQqGSRvusXBgePJLQtS2MPdk1
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HomZBFo8557wdc6GYEWpiJ79UhCUWB1ui
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Pu8CbpPcd4bLJeccXnChRyW5hyDXPXsm5
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12f2Qbf8j3eWEyi9CBfa5nR2Eq1RQzn6pD
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19sQchPE969hPGK8vU6MnH4bz3vvYy3qRT
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19PkHafEN18mquJ9ChwZt5YEFoCdPP5vYB
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KdMEjqeW97Q5jAnzk7QLiwpJ57tj7F9sr
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1LZknRBPWeUrE7B3bT876HBFD9N5pudaZj
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19LhjNfgRsUM9QCaZCzzW2gyzzaDHxxbQp
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1NLqVyNRwdD11BUbq5picdW5acigox71oj
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14aG4WmvEzhedXGgXVu5EV9XFBHhyAGKnd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1P592YXEZ49TPXwETYjhnUez8qLpDYE9Bq
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CeiTUAtqY3FwbutMWkiqJEeEMS74qWLJc
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 167nJ5ocQyyiZRpwoJFWUAB6MYQFChQbpc
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1B68XTqZ56StDYo7SJMXAG449BBUUwjSEE
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16LiSthr31tx69DGmBtay5LZMmHLwWvKY9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1BfKTtGfk7swxkhty3qvBVxu9nHQnGmhp
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12N9dtZBkVFtx7VAbkXdeciptgGrDqjFt1
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KgFb4Q4Ncm6MEhrmPGEwm46r4E5gaE6Ke
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1MeD7mAMDxmQGJr5euyHckDAWAL191aeLA
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1A6AUpmKVpadNdrtAPKABzRALq9VtfgtvZ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16585wVn2z78doSvjcZt1iNE2hTqwuc5uj
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1VrqzM9swdY483MDBPsY32oJb3EDWBge9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 13mEWfW72dE1fvhwVZjLZTgLNrUiKYrLPV
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1BC2b9zbSAwq4JRUFBkWcDBWmvvNcn4tqd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 14opqxGiHh5V1b2GW4G9LT1YZRW2dMT2o2
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1426PQcArA4o2D9hVU2RqZYjpq7ysR61RW
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1EKkai4QWvUaZxXigCYiGeW4C6RMxcWUQu
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Dqs5s6DrwKQsusY6BSbpjLZqhbk92FZp1
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1E6h5zswRcZbCi2ofAukJaWApgyF3qS4Fn
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16DoAf2FCRCFrEiQyDR34SARuYRcvENUWg
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18dqaQsYVvaSJhw68vL4d7836Wkk9jG64P
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JF7cKp2c4UP8ejPo38MBSefMxJofirKqx
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18kTwNek7f8o63Ft4pXT4QQLf5vDih57Ex
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18p53XuEvyantkdTSHDGZkMVEukaGFC3Yn
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19kQzQXz8YoLJrf8sr7ToQHokg6yFoYTvF
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Af1mqgDNSqkYccwsrsQkaKbrVZE42DXFL
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh
addNewMining
Minatore nuovo 1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG
addNewMining
Stesso minatore 19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk
addNewMining
{'1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9': {
	hash : ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1KJ5WfyLTxJKF7c25qdD7JKxKemKiEw8KK': {
	hash : ('1KJ5WfyLTxJKF7c25qdD7JKxKemKiEw8KK', 50.0015)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 1bc76e3a08ece09300934ad1523ff5605e1668e0df5fa21d921f1a6f6d3d53a3
	time : 1322459351
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0015
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KJ5WfyLTxJKF7c25qdD7JKxKemKiEw8KK', 50.0015)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0015
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0015
}, '1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42': {
	hash : ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33': {
	hash : ('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH': {
	hash : ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR': {
	hash : ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD': {
	hash : ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe': {
	hash : ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '19kQzQXz8YoLJrf8sr7ToQHokg6yFoYTvF': {
	hash : ('19kQzQXz8YoLJrf8sr7ToQHokg6yFoYTvF', 50.02650393)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : d05063e749ae23f6d22d69745eba2504530135416e76a668fecaf75d6bcf3971
	time : 1322489031
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.02650393
	addressesValue_receving : [('19kQzQXz8YoLJrf8sr7ToQHokg6yFoYTvF', 50.02650393)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.02650393
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.02650393
}, '1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1': {
	hash : ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd': {
	hash : ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn': {
	hash : ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '12f2Qbf8j3eWEyi9CBfa5nR2Eq1RQzn6pD': {
	hash : ('12f2Qbf8j3eWEyi9CBfa5nR2Eq1RQzn6pD', 50.017)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : a1b490e0527e661bc50b0be9b1bc5b71714fdcc8db6de18ffa43b9cd350e3ea9
	time : 1322464788
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.017
	addressesValue_receving : [('12f2Qbf8j3eWEyi9CBfa5nR2Eq1RQzn6pD', 50.017)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.017
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.017
}, '1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B': {
	hash : ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9': {
	hash : ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46': {
	hash : ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '16LiSthr31tx69DGmBtay5LZMmHLwWvKY9': {
	hash : ('16LiSthr31tx69DGmBtay5LZMmHLwWvKY9', 50.004761)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 15fbfe64e54b95e7ce682488a883af80505a90ca1e1eece8f11536ae02d5bf35
	time : 1322470770
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.004761
	addressesValue_receving : [('16LiSthr31tx69DGmBtay5LZMmHLwWvKY9', 50.004761)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.004761
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.004761
}, '1Ki6sPxLVLvsWTBTSQgC19BUUnZ6LY445r': {
	hash : ('1Ki6sPxLVLvsWTBTSQgC19BUUnZ6LY445r', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 14020d549fbd8d98a455a0bd8933a1643232bc1802af5a5149533c1a028dd277
	time : 1322463608
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Ki6sPxLVLvsWTBTSQgC19BUUnZ6LY445r', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '14fZ2eyDc6r1xq4Z4LGtcyD7QjYb5d8QzN': {
	hash : ('14fZ2eyDc6r1xq4Z4LGtcyD7QjYb5d8QzN', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 940d9b0c97c17c07b9b80f4f74eeedbf7b478a07a66f26c9b0b24011154c6caa
	time : 1322437694
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('14fZ2eyDc6r1xq4Z4LGtcyD7QjYb5d8QzN', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '1Dtp12anoezpCfKhNvDCHj8XSHtnK5eKoy': {
	hash : ('1Dtp12anoezpCfKhNvDCHj8XSHtnK5eKoy', 50.035)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 6106ad67ee3365123dc809a2dcb88599d6795c94d4b99358155af30851866af3
	time : 1322453602
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.035
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Dtp12anoezpCfKhNvDCHj8XSHtnK5eKoy', 50.035)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.035
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.035
}, '19LhjNfgRsUM9QCaZCzzW2gyzzaDHxxbQp': {
	hash : ('19LhjNfgRsUM9QCaZCzzW2gyzzaDHxxbQp', 50.003)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : df416348754c6fe59d77907a84e2ade84ac5604e85666b1fc67f38c29e26eae7
	time : 1322466915
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.003
	addressesValue_receving : [('19LhjNfgRsUM9QCaZCzzW2gyzzaDHxxbQp', 50.003)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.003
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.003
}, '1ALBQWjJh22mqE7UvssWQUswn1wrVWWBH1': {
	hash : ('1ALBQWjJh22mqE7UvssWQUswn1wrVWWBH1', 50.023)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 573dbf9b4246bd4352971c3127663abc6f319159cfd77550885bc5ee472072f4
	time : 1322425045
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.023
	addressesValue_receving : [('1ALBQWjJh22mqE7UvssWQUswn1wrVWWBH1', 50.023)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.023
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.023
}, '1426PQcArA4o2D9hVU2RqZYjpq7ysR61RW': {
	hash : ('1426PQcArA4o2D9hVU2RqZYjpq7ysR61RW', 50.04144499)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ca44438b1b8d6a5e8cacc1cb22ad1dfcee4474f2f82907890414762e2683c9e2
	time : 1322482073
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.04144499
	addressesValue_receving : [('1426PQcArA4o2D9hVU2RqZYjpq7ysR61RW', 50.04144499)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.04144499
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.04144499
}, '1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv': {
	hash : ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1MGuWngxdSfnfUH74qXiiBAtWVa9mAhjCy': {
	hash : ('1MGuWngxdSfnfUH74qXiiBAtWVa9mAhjCy', 50.01872368)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 76b2b46183d618f05836caa2265002ea2da92d20094a3ea04e52b6b6878035f0
	time : 1322458663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01872368
	addressesValue_receving : [('1MGuWngxdSfnfUH74qXiiBAtWVa9mAhjCy', 50.01872368)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01872368
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01872368
}, '18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt': {
	hash : ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP': {
	hash : ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX': {
	hash : ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1Mu3eL2EZK6ptVpHeBCKLqhfpQKTFNsAaP': {
	hash : ('1Mu3eL2EZK6ptVpHeBCKLqhfpQKTFNsAaP', 50.001)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 1936d00976a9874c6434d25d6be165ac4e425684a8000bdc46098de2cb6b048b
	time : 1322440207
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.001
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Mu3eL2EZK6ptVpHeBCKLqhfpQKTFNsAaP', 50.001)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.000999999999998
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.001
}, '17tF6t8y18MaeTw6hej7UPZshWx7hp6Gnt': {
	hash : ('17tF6t8y18MaeTw6hej7UPZshWx7hp6Gnt', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 09c4b2b798ce1d478f4063a61f3095844dadf4f79a994887cecd9358703c7a89
	time : 1322463579
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('17tF6t8y18MaeTw6hej7UPZshWx7hp6Gnt', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx': {
	hash : ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '19pT5AZw2Rgvxtpg74hqxbBtgAMSjCHcdz': {
	hash : ('19pT5AZw2Rgvxtpg74hqxbBtgAMSjCHcdz', 50.002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 99d6b64d30a1fa4f9ab745b287ff3043ce08f2d46c530b6b5a58b51dd927e794
	time : 1322455852
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('19pT5AZw2Rgvxtpg74hqxbBtgAMSjCHcdz', 50.002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1NgWK2FLynxiZKDvG9fZWc6TBLferokx7M': {
	hash : ('1NgWK2FLynxiZKDvG9fZWc6TBLferokx7M', 50.0105)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 85d8333d7278a16fb0ce9d42f7ef3b74ab0db9abdbcf71eb2705f01f84f87091
	time : 1322426135
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0105
	addressesValue_receving : [('1NgWK2FLynxiZKDvG9fZWc6TBLferokx7M', 50.0105)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0105
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.0105
}, '158aaHTBs1d2tDNSpxWPYDBKqTpiu27s1t': {
	hash : ('158aaHTBs1d2tDNSpxWPYDBKqTpiu27s1t', 50.0100002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 4d1431a84fb904daad6ad62856a0cf0ebc1da965a58c0887a13df5c1fd00f88b
	time : 1322441677
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0100002
	addressesValue_receving : [('158aaHTBs1d2tDNSpxWPYDBKqTpiu27s1t', 50.0100002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0100002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0100002
}, '1BfKTtGfk7swxkhty3qvBVxu9nHQnGmhp': {
	hash : ('1BfKTtGfk7swxkhty3qvBVxu9nHQnGmhp', 50.01450003)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 8ba1829c416e88f55b153b336e289c392242a3e868df5e3029ea10a7059d2d0a
	time : 1322471608
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01450003
	addressesValue_receving : [('1BfKTtGfk7swxkhty3qvBVxu9nHQnGmhp', 50.01450003)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01450003
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01450003
}, '1ENrx1a9H1KKCSteABAPwWHLuWPKvehSrZ': {
	hash : ('1ENrx1a9H1KKCSteABAPwWHLuWPKvehSrZ', 50.033)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 46281e1610454c923cb08c9d74b906943d420824ec824b8113e8dac9f933c6e0
	time : 1322442294
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.033
	addressesValue_receving : [('1ENrx1a9H1KKCSteABAPwWHLuWPKvehSrZ', 50.033)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.033
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.033
}, '1L3qRZtPppgHiR9HLX8xzSHQM7gTactB9': {
	hash : ('1L3qRZtPppgHiR9HLX8xzSHQM7gTactB9', 50.01800002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : c9aa16c72fb9e2498f12366c7fb5a6e30c86339e232943a900c8705924d1dcff
	time : 1322446826
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01800002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1L3qRZtPppgHiR9HLX8xzSHQM7gTactB9', 50.01800002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01800002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01800002
}, '1EKkai4QWvUaZxXigCYiGeW4C6RMxcWUQu': {
	hash : ('1EKkai4QWvUaZxXigCYiGeW4C6RMxcWUQu', 50.0255)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 4158ac2b1044857f67ab5c1a42a643c82bd76f80df83004d7a63b5f88d40f741
	time : 1322482934
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0255
	addressesValue_receving : [('1EKkai4QWvUaZxXigCYiGeW4C6RMxcWUQu', 50.0255)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0255
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0255
}, '1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma': {
	hash : ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn': {
	hash : ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29': {
	hash : ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1JF7cKp2c4UP8ejPo38MBSefMxJofirKqx': {
	hash : ('1JF7cKp2c4UP8ejPo38MBSefMxJofirKqx', 50.049)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 832470da8dff4098adf9300f2199ccbe5b89635741c6f8760cf197e0dc247084
	time : 1322486813
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.049
	addressesValue_receving : [('1JF7cKp2c4UP8ejPo38MBSefMxJofirKqx', 50.049)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.049
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.049
}, '175d7jUMuywqGKfb3VVCV7hLe91EM46Urb': {
	hash : ('175d7jUMuywqGKfb3VVCV7hLe91EM46Urb', 50.000002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : f064b5576354087e7b915c725865413c5c1fe8f1c7cbd326103c83732a556d3b
	time : 1322424336
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.000002
	addressesValue_receving : [('175d7jUMuywqGKfb3VVCV7hLe91EM46Urb', 50.000002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 2.00000000206e-06
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.000002
}, '15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc': {
	hash : ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk': {
	hash : ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M': {
	hash : ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1KSMoEedkpbjBXhCjn4TuUKEJ76JdAFtx9': {
	hash : ('1KSMoEedkpbjBXhCjn4TuUKEJ76JdAFtx9', 50.0015)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 48977b1fe3772ba6be77a651550e5346ffd00bbaba2192073d1d65125cb6ba6c
	time : 1322445667
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0015
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KSMoEedkpbjBXhCjn4TuUKEJ76JdAFtx9', 50.0015)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0015
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0015
}, '1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu': {
	hash : ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '13UzMo444RY2AeE8GwZBv9QfHAiEwv75Z4': {
	hash : ('13UzMo444RY2AeE8GwZBv9QfHAiEwv75Z4', 50.09677804)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 84a3fba6b96ab6e4f7f19f283c1c1af658113e9c4ed3e6fa12e69ce7e875ca48
	time : 1322429735
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.09677804
	addressesValue_receving : [('13UzMo444RY2AeE8GwZBv9QfHAiEwv75Z4', 50.09677804)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.09677804
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.09677804
}, '18p53XuEvyantkdTSHDGZkMVEukaGFC3Yn': {
	hash : ('18p53XuEvyantkdTSHDGZkMVEukaGFC3Yn', 50.015)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : abebd134a0fc186fa6d4c325218349adaf57b6dfbf8f3ba8d8bac5c14407fa78
	time : 1322487360
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.015
	addressesValue_receving : [('18p53XuEvyantkdTSHDGZkMVEukaGFC3Yn', 50.015)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.015
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.015
}, '1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g': {
	hash : ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ': {
	hash : ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '167nJ5ocQyyiZRpwoJFWUAB6MYQFChQbpc': {
	hash : ('167nJ5ocQyyiZRpwoJFWUAB6MYQFChQbpc', 50.0025)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : eab592d3b023186c5845a20d7824b60794429d9bdc1421c2a91509fc1603b547
	time : 1322470354
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0025
	addressesValue_receving : [('167nJ5ocQyyiZRpwoJFWUAB6MYQFChQbpc', 50.0025)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0025
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0025
}, '1LZknRBPWeUrE7B3bT876HBFD9N5pudaZj': {
	hash : ('1LZknRBPWeUrE7B3bT876HBFD9N5pudaZj', 50.002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 5c0624002c2998424747b0f596ea268080f31a2a09a87976292305c9acd83971
	time : 1322466763
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1LZknRBPWeUrE7B3bT876HBFD9N5pudaZj', 50.002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv': {
	hash : ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '12cGvJUjfhegU27DcVfc3u6ECtTMrGYg1x': {
	hash : ('12cGvJUjfhegU27DcVfc3u6ECtTMrGYg1x', 50.0055)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 8236edb5fdb3431655b93cd17f93d4b3c2780f9ec904daf7887311c0e026d3db
	time : 1322432304
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0055
	addressesValue_receving : [('12cGvJUjfhegU27DcVfc3u6ECtTMrGYg1x', 50.0055)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0055
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.0055
}, '1CayeXF1ehCDShjEQZjp2DuFz8EA2bmnG7': {
	hash : ('1CayeXF1ehCDShjEQZjp2DuFz8EA2bmnG7', 50.01)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ed39cb1b8a49276fa37ce0bc76b34f36321d2de829f7d873ff49d543cf45f7ea
	time : 1322426867
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CayeXF1ehCDShjEQZjp2DuFz8EA2bmnG7', 50.01)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.01
}, '1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT': {
	hash : ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96': {
	hash : ('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1NLqVyNRwdD11BUbq5picdW5acigox71oj': {
	hash : ('1NLqVyNRwdD11BUbq5picdW5acigox71oj', 50.007)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : c3ab2e18d704bd59e55b392b2703900c47017d0151e8dd257eab1152e7307949
	time : 1322467622
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.007
	addressesValue_receving : [('1NLqVyNRwdD11BUbq5picdW5acigox71oj', 50.007)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.007
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.007
}, '112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE': {
	hash : ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf': {
	hash : ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1Af1mqgDNSqkYccwsrsQkaKbrVZE42DXFL': {
	hash : ('1Af1mqgDNSqkYccwsrsQkaKbrVZE42DXFL', 50.0335)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 9802a1ffd49d2394d3b2ecee1cbcdf32af37bac420a702e96fd45173432f6e85
	time : 1322489408
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0335
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Af1mqgDNSqkYccwsrsQkaKbrVZE42DXFL', 50.0335)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0335
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0335
}, '1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239': {
	hash : ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu': {
	hash : ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG': {
	hash : ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '16DoAf2FCRCFrEiQyDR34SARuYRcvENUWg': {
	hash : ('16DoAf2FCRCFrEiQyDR34SARuYRcvENUWg', 50.05261117)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : bd26a135f63fffc4be4a34e502b624875ce711cf8ed1f020d8aac135f2f0aa1c
	time : 1322485954
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.05261117
	addressesValue_receving : [('16DoAf2FCRCFrEiQyDR34SARuYRcvENUWg', 50.05261117)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.05261117
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.05261117
}, '1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X': {
	hash : ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '16585wVn2z78doSvjcZt1iNE2hTqwuc5uj': {
	hash : ('16585wVn2z78doSvjcZt1iNE2hTqwuc5uj', 50.0715)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ba713ad58f6ed73679502063d8f12cccbd648114a07babbe00aac8a11013a1c2
	time : 1322477157
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0715
	addressesValue_receving : [('16585wVn2z78doSvjcZt1iNE2hTqwuc5uj', 50.0715)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0715
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0715
}, '1JrDKqzsE7xWfvfwLs4ZCjyTZ2EZE5Fc87': {
	hash : ('1JrDKqzsE7xWfvfwLs4ZCjyTZ2EZE5Fc87', 50.028514)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 34adb61b0390ab37bdc58fade8466155ec3c9319ddcc65b019b62c62679f1d0a
	time : 1322424272
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.028514
	addressesValue_receving : [('1JrDKqzsE7xWfvfwLs4ZCjyTZ2EZE5Fc87', 50.028514)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.028514
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.028514
}, '1Dqs5s6DrwKQsusY6BSbpjLZqhbk92FZp1': {
	hash : ('1Dqs5s6DrwKQsusY6BSbpjLZqhbk92FZp1', 50.0545)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 4b1136b2fdaea8a94135036bcb2bf941e9bd530fa88af89cd02af5a2f17af292
	time : 1322483105
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0545
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Dqs5s6DrwKQsusY6BSbpjLZqhbk92FZp1', 50.0545)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0545
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0545
}, '1CcY4NdVQu5LMsRssyCYAQHdj114tUpno6': {
	hash : ('1CcY4NdVQu5LMsRssyCYAQHdj114tUpno6', 50.10204151)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 102cf5c49639e7e9509b7b6aa4a68ffca0430d601ec5734ac39db2f0b113f6ba
	time : 1322437253
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.10204151
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CcY4NdVQu5LMsRssyCYAQHdj114tUpno6', 50.10204151)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.10204151
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.10204151
}, '1PULcV5ussmLYz53L2LbGnb1C4d9b3c3Kr': {
	hash : ('1PULcV5ussmLYz53L2LbGnb1C4d9b3c3Kr', 50.0175)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 8a9bca6a045813da8879c5724b5509789d8df6c83c276dded6ebd3d32cd61291
	time : 1322454119
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0175
	addressesValue_receving : [('1PULcV5ussmLYz53L2LbGnb1C4d9b3c3Kr', 50.0175)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0175
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0175
}, '1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo': {
	hash : ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1NyN3joWCAqtQ2Lz6ucRFWtbUCsxqchDgK': {
	hash : ('1NyN3joWCAqtQ2Lz6ucRFWtbUCsxqchDgK', 50.009)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 36ee5271ef77eaeb4512eb546002821eaf47570e9a110c1bd517b31a934f1fb6
	time : 1322452271
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.009
	addressesValue_receving : [('1NyN3joWCAqtQ2Lz6ucRFWtbUCsxqchDgK', 50.009)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.009
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.009
}, '1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX': {
	hash : ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1PzLwLPQZGQqGSRvusXBgePJLQtS2MPdk1': {
	hash : ('1PzLwLPQZGQqGSRvusXBgePJLQtS2MPdk1', 50.0135)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 357f9910b2bbbe3e94738bdbf46b02192c1a77270d5150721c1e2d206aa92efb
	time : 1322464249
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0135
	addressesValue_receving : [('1PzLwLPQZGQqGSRvusXBgePJLQtS2MPdk1', 50.0135)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0135
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0135
}, '1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi': {
	hash : ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D': {
	hash : ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco': {
	hash : ('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa': {
	hash : ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs': {
	hash : ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1PJ3TeyMoh8gY7Mah2Bdti4CrwNuNm7NoS': {
	hash : ('1PJ3TeyMoh8gY7Mah2Bdti4CrwNuNm7NoS', 50.03078691)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : bfec5931b240c03d1c76955844d62cd4b95f70270fc8d7f5c065d963d3ac7069
	time : 1322433796
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.03078691
	addressesValue_receving : [('1PJ3TeyMoh8gY7Mah2Bdti4CrwNuNm7NoS', 50.03078691)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.03078691
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.03078691
}, '15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy': {
	hash : ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1HomZBFo8557wdc6GYEWpiJ79UhCUWB1ui': {
	hash : ('1HomZBFo8557wdc6GYEWpiJ79UhCUWB1ui', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 7eddd6a34fdea64c0d1c6e9c9753f9c74c84c9a681b4062017c3dc63a4b6a8fe
	time : 1322464392
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('1HomZBFo8557wdc6GYEWpiJ79UhCUWB1ui', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo': {
	hash : ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC': {
	hash : ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '14aG4WmvEzhedXGgXVu5EV9XFBHhyAGKnd': {
	hash : ('14aG4WmvEzhedXGgXVu5EV9XFBHhyAGKnd', 50.01039922)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 9df983fe25c89240c5671665b8ef0ef6e84c9375af37f6a9f434018b54aa2b50
	time : 1322468258
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01039922
	addressesValue_receving : [('14aG4WmvEzhedXGgXVu5EV9XFBHhyAGKnd', 50.01039922)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01039922
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01039922
}, '19sQchPE969hPGK8vU6MnH4bz3vvYy3qRT': {
	hash : ('19sQchPE969hPGK8vU6MnH4bz3vvYy3qRT', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 23e700eb51095dd0ff6cb01f730e4ef872489d675618e6f9c6fad8f1eb085835
	time : 1322464797
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('19sQchPE969hPGK8vU6MnH4bz3vvYy3qRT', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J': {
	hash : ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1MRmrVS3vxHianbJkP7C4C4hNzNMvnL3JC': {
	hash : ('1MRmrVS3vxHianbJkP7C4C4hNzNMvnL3JC', 50.0115)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 5129a2de43b30b0d0143cd0e3ca8ce1a7c77bdfb18b17f7c990067f863966dbc
	time : 1322452193
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0115
	addressesValue_receving : [('1MRmrVS3vxHianbJkP7C4C4hNzNMvnL3JC', 50.0115)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0115
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0115
}, '1Pu8CbpPcd4bLJeccXnChRyW5hyDXPXsm5': {
	hash : ('1Pu8CbpPcd4bLJeccXnChRyW5hyDXPXsm5', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : eb3d2506c843fd60ada1abf941b6ad6817289065a53abbefcdf949a361cee360
	time : 1322464440
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Pu8CbpPcd4bLJeccXnChRyW5hyDXPXsm5', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX': {
	hash : ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS': {
	hash : ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1CoH6axNu9wiCbw1dkTH7kjEUNZjgY7reu': {
	hash : ('1CoH6axNu9wiCbw1dkTH7kjEUNZjgY7reu', 50.0285)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 5c7855057f2d15722bade84ba54f4db46f93278ef85dba0eb48d71d86ce1d1bc
	time : 1322434807
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0285
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CoH6axNu9wiCbw1dkTH7kjEUNZjgY7reu', 50.0285)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0285
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0285
}, '1Moy9pEdZbgUw6SMogUSv2BUUzcE4BpKZS': {
	hash : ('1Moy9pEdZbgUw6SMogUSv2BUUzcE4BpKZS', 50.0250101)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : bd6f934662bb6f1694daeb334d914b1d40e780e42c8ec3a7e04f037fc6dd6fc0
	time : 1322463158
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0250101
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Moy9pEdZbgUw6SMogUSv2BUUzcE4BpKZS', 50.0250101)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0250101
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0250101
}, '1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q': {
	hash : ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu': {
	hash : ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA': {
	hash : ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '18U4owGL15jNjaX9XTgsgV4WHctcTzfZz2': {
	hash : ('18U4owGL15jNjaX9XTgsgV4WHctcTzfZz2', 50.0015)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 279dd98711c657a58839828f2906ca3344c5398e9db6f9cf57c6e763215695d4
	time : 1322459210
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0015
	addressesValue_receving : [('18U4owGL15jNjaX9XTgsgV4WHctcTzfZz2', 50.0015)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0015
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0015
}, '18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P': {
	hash : ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei': {
	hash : ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ': {
	hash : ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG': {
	hash : ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx': {
	hash : ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '14gEJovhLmCxr8XqxJqwKPwTqYJQd6jjga': {
	hash : ('14gEJovhLmCxr8XqxJqwKPwTqYJQd6jjga', 50.0175)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 101e23cabef6aecb5a9d7a637909481bdae7004132d007d42e24a846602cdd30
	time : 1322421888
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0175
	addressesValue_receving : [('14gEJovhLmCxr8XqxJqwKPwTqYJQd6jjga', 50.0175)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0175
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.0175
}, '17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP': {
	hash : ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1E6h5zswRcZbCi2ofAukJaWApgyF3qS4Fn': {
	hash : ('1E6h5zswRcZbCi2ofAukJaWApgyF3qS4Fn', 50.0015)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 02e0ac5985fadfd9b4e5b9465dc7067fe41fde5f95fbf5adbd24c189162514b3
	time : 1322483231
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0015
	addressesValue_receving : [('1E6h5zswRcZbCi2ofAukJaWApgyF3qS4Fn', 50.0015)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0015
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0015
}, '15QYqct6uX2rBTiFHstHfMYZ54wsXsXUr9': {
	hash : ('15QYqct6uX2rBTiFHstHfMYZ54wsXsXUr9', 50.00247288)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 44c574b70ec11537e125d000aa55dfefd27cc9b964554ff7ed10c35c1891fed0
	time : 1322420310
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00247288
	addressesValue_receving : [('15QYqct6uX2rBTiFHstHfMYZ54wsXsXUr9', 50.00247288)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00247288
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00247288
}, '16UUoXoMoVGSYyr7jtryXLLUbcgtoyNsmF': {
	hash : ('16UUoXoMoVGSYyr7jtryXLLUbcgtoyNsmF', 50.016)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 37099c04e98f189195682db738a2b061df02c1aa241702ebb18e95578fa16e2a
	time : 1322442513
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.016
	addressesValue_receving : [('16UUoXoMoVGSYyr7jtryXLLUbcgtoyNsmF', 50.016)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.016
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.016
}, '1Py1XcN2tA1mnbvCSoK2T6Bo6ZM6qRcjsa': {
	hash : ('1Py1XcN2tA1mnbvCSoK2T6Bo6ZM6qRcjsa', 50.003)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 3a281184c4ba6284801714ab31514c639fb53bd0d4d10cbab8406ef98c35650f
	time : 1322429844
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.003
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Py1XcN2tA1mnbvCSoK2T6Bo6ZM6qRcjsa', 50.003)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.003
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.003
}, '17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ': {
	hash : ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye': {
	hash : ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1MeD7mAMDxmQGJr5euyHckDAWAL191aeLA': {
	hash : ('1MeD7mAMDxmQGJr5euyHckDAWAL191aeLA', 50.0286053)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 9864045b13597591e886d73804c66acedaf221f5655cbcc0f1a995987d2f864c
	time : 1322474744
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0286053
	addressesValue_receving : [('1MeD7mAMDxmQGJr5euyHckDAWAL191aeLA', 50.0286053)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0286053
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0286053
}, '1HvyorMojJp4u7cL59bRJARGi5mQKf9wrB': {
	hash : ('1HvyorMojJp4u7cL59bRJARGi5mQKf9wrB', 50.02)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 3f984a8c788c0467b859aa3358344d7d5bede175d7818d7b00c1f4c8a1f95091
	time : 1322425890
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.02
	addressesValue_receving : [('1HvyorMojJp4u7cL59bRJARGi5mQKf9wrB', 50.02)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.02
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.02
}, '1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW': {
	hash : ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq': {
	hash : ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2': {
	hash : ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf': {
	hash : ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1CeiTUAtqY3FwbutMWkiqJEeEMS74qWLJc': {
	hash : ('1CeiTUAtqY3FwbutMWkiqJEeEMS74qWLJc', 50.0580001)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 335e52df4c72b398c6228958d0b19ed248a2973ab66d99aae542561487338421
	time : 1322470317
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0580001
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CeiTUAtqY3FwbutMWkiqJEeEMS74qWLJc', 50.0580001)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0580001
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0580001
}, '1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq': {
	hash : ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt': {
	hash : ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1HAY8mC2SynfyoeZQyAwCHDpGcDjkcKkDC': {
	hash : ('1HAY8mC2SynfyoeZQyAwCHDpGcDjkcKkDC', 50.001)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 39ad4678193e358105d09bcc0cc557a222d1b233d1f187e52a6ca12922661f0a
	time : 1322448971
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.001
	addressesValue_receving : [('1HAY8mC2SynfyoeZQyAwCHDpGcDjkcKkDC', 50.001)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.000999999999998
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.001
}, '1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC': {
	hash : ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1': {
	hash : ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd': {
	hash : ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD': {
	hash : ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL': {
	hash : ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2': {
	hash : ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV': {
	hash : ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb': {
	hash : ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1cFamaLfHWwtieH6fh5ghd2g2mh2VCNbi': {
	hash : ('1cFamaLfHWwtieH6fh5ghd2g2mh2VCNbi', 50.03918451)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : bf2181ddcba0be0b246d984b390d0aefd63d316a319115e30ee0cbb3988176ec
	time : 1322446036
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.03918451
	addressesValue_receving : [('1cFamaLfHWwtieH6fh5ghd2g2mh2VCNbi', 50.03918451)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.03918451
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.03918451
}, '1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA': {
	hash : ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc': {
	hash : ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1KgFb4Q4Ncm6MEhrmPGEwm46r4E5gaE6Ke': {
	hash : ('1KgFb4Q4Ncm6MEhrmPGEwm46r4E5gaE6Ke', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : c3539763d4b8000b5d7d1ce32f0b99e62b22a75ad0ea3b1ac5ac0885b87d54f9
	time : 1322473664
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KgFb4Q4Ncm6MEhrmPGEwm46r4E5gaE6Ke', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd': {
	hash : ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ': {
	hash : ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x': {
	hash : ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk': {
	hash : ('19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', 50.0005)
	miningCount : 4
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 791febf616b042224546dacf5643a9af3d470d10bd60f74d5e68b1fdeccb5585
	time : 1322425900
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0005
	addressesValue_receving : [('19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', 50.0005)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 3c2aea4c00d456345bc53a7f67149d140ebdd8d5aaf1e514543f213b8a0d91e6
	time : 1322432141
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.009
	addressesValue_receving : [('19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', 50.009)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 6da85247d7dcecd42d43f682d7a839b9dbe34923313ca7adc1dde4f4f0b07bbf
	time : 1322440182
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0205
	addressesValue_receving : [('19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', 50.0205)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 277f24a9d04c6742840383b4241542b2347791f3d552f75e65313d8d036dcda8
	time : 1322490898
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.03957658
	addressesValue_receving : [('19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', 50.03957658)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.06957658
	totBitCoinMined : 200.0
	totDollarMined : 10.07098
	currentBitCoin : 200.06957658
}, '12sQutpWWPuBVXMLKCAAWr2rLKES9UwLvj': {
	hash : ('12sQutpWWPuBVXMLKCAAWr2rLKES9UwLvj', 50.02028704)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 1b3f1d2d034aa7aeb1a2072d5b8f9281e97e8c71f3a4caeac4c3e912179698b7
	time : 1322428190
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.02028704
	addressesValue_receving : [('12sQutpWWPuBVXMLKCAAWr2rLKES9UwLvj', 50.02028704)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.02028704
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.02028704
}, '19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx': {
	hash : ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1DwNExBk3GwGzvD7DzyZWMVDz57ZHhLvUo': {
	hash : ('1DwNExBk3GwGzvD7DzyZWMVDz57ZHhLvUo', 50.00151)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 4022bb3176bb42360e744d18cfe04d8a1584470b2b6d3023710dcdd1190cc981
	time : 1322450901
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00151
	addressesValue_receving : [('1DwNExBk3GwGzvD7DzyZWMVDz57ZHhLvUo', 50.00151)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00151
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.00151
}, '18dqaQsYVvaSJhw68vL4d7836Wkk9jG64P': {
	hash : ('18dqaQsYVvaSJhw68vL4d7836Wkk9jG64P', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 36146a74d84f6ec53ae170af2e2750aafc44b3f949ebd24a00c6522116920d7d
	time : 1322486381
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('18dqaQsYVvaSJhw68vL4d7836Wkk9jG64P', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '19PkHafEN18mquJ9ChwZt5YEFoCdPP5vYB': {
	hash : ('19PkHafEN18mquJ9ChwZt5YEFoCdPP5vYB', 50.0005)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 80016e6dfd06d11e4e2b830e52e7676d41c789519ef43f8a18a7962faa6e5977
	time : 1322466248
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0005
	addressesValue_receving : [('19PkHafEN18mquJ9ChwZt5YEFoCdPP5vYB', 50.0005)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.000500000000002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0005
}, '1BpLpi9dw8p49ZaHqYmrTXNFGm74VrTGbV': {
	hash : ('1BpLpi9dw8p49ZaHqYmrTXNFGm74VrTGbV', 50.085)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : a8031b051ee7bdc846898c8f083818a16ad1a7605f332d1e597bc62ab899d7d4
	time : 1322448789
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.085
	addressesValue_receving : [('1BpLpi9dw8p49ZaHqYmrTXNFGm74VrTGbV', 50.085)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.085
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.085
}, '16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs': {
	hash : ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt': {
	hash : ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4': {
	hash : ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF': {
	hash : ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk': {
	hash : ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '14opqxGiHh5V1b2GW4G9LT1YZRW2dMT2o2': {
	hash : ('14opqxGiHh5V1b2GW4G9LT1YZRW2dMT2o2', 50.0055)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : b1d64aa9ad813e6f4dc346e8edbb9a5d40b990436e80acd23b58f0fb5d2ad757
	time : 1322481026
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0055
	addressesValue_receving : [('14opqxGiHh5V1b2GW4G9LT1YZRW2dMT2o2', 50.0055)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0055
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0055
}, '1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW': {
	hash : ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ': {
	hash : ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '15VVe2EDgckLFRzKUrjXdkm7Pec868p7nS': {
	hash : ('15VVe2EDgckLFRzKUrjXdkm7Pec868p7nS', 50.08584338)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 061545cdf6d39c67c7b1162da5ac26a0b487732550b1624cb7286a506cab7f38
	time : 1322428383
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.08584338
	addressesValue_receving : [('15VVe2EDgckLFRzKUrjXdkm7Pec868p7nS', 50.08584338)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.08584338
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.08584338
}, '1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy': {
	hash : ('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.001)
	miningCount : 13
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : cbf4412bbc47b8909a51428957e107482285ecf74f14ecbc4de519104343bc92
	time : 1322424459
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.001
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.001)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 6de4699cdcbe6354394bf672501d4fce7d0b2cec4d8a4497b6989917ae5d07c6
	time : 1322425815
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0205
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.0205)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 46abf71643a8370bd8f6b59aa24fee1878a27b5b440be3623ca5b220df9d3688
	time : 1322431331
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0085
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.0085)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 3df192a24fbef68adb1d8c780301317947e90feb4a3e2ef11b5a95918be120f2
	time : 1322432921
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.04259897
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.04259897)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 8a46ecea1e3fcc97299e75e3e0ef046a9d257324c3d96d23320b40f6c0030423
	time : 1322437636
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.03649999
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.03649999)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : a756e5dffb4f8599dc1b97185d233d4b01b42190a8ddfa40de838709ef67087a
	time : 1322438537
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.02052188
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.02052188)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : cd39cedf939658373a5d56f81f2e0b216686f14422ba79aadffa7e18fb221c66
	time : 1322443081
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00822
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.00822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 78436475644bdbd38d5179a038f5e1599d0697953a3acd6d4c275cf16b117441
	time : 1322444328
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.04405423
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.04405423)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 2c2b0cecdabadc239e39c6bd5c70794cb28e8cc502e79ac3d9ec2c22e1e4adb0
	time : 1322456836
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01649282
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.01649282)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 66155a7d70b73970a00d4c812fec9b3103098f72acca3a1c110c85c75b045714
	time : 1322462128
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.05725223
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.05725223)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : b239f7fd202f65a1b934dafbc71fa0b4d99f0ed1bdb600f3955b4fab81523f22
	time : 1322464317
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0105
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.0105)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : 606830186aaa4e27daba6746f4e65c30c5bf31231a0ed46674c0e795447e1fdc
	time : 1322465711
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.007
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.007)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
}-{
	id : f106411bb1dbd5ae69fd21b7417f13090807e1d3eeea8361091a238d14d2bfae
	time : 1322472755
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0121
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', 50.0121)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.28524012
	totBitCoinMined : 650.0
	totDollarMined : 32.83691
	currentBitCoin : 650.28524012
}, '1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V': {
	hash : ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1P592YXEZ49TPXwETYjhnUez8qLpDYE9Bq': {
	hash : ('1P592YXEZ49TPXwETYjhnUez8qLpDYE9Bq', 50.0005)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ba6115c5cfe82595c196ff5b99a9a154001590e2d5a7de1debf2862227fdae8b
	time : 1322468271
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0005
	addressesValue_receving : [('1P592YXEZ49TPXwETYjhnUez8qLpDYE9Bq', 50.0005)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.000500000000002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0005
}, '1BC2b9zbSAwq4JRUFBkWcDBWmvvNcn4tqd': {
	hash : ('1BC2b9zbSAwq4JRUFBkWcDBWmvvNcn4tqd', 50.002)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : d467a066f78097492916cd4f29f3c1a9b60c4b2d7ca9a6f9d75f11a40a6997b8
	time : 1322480569
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1BC2b9zbSAwq4JRUFBkWcDBWmvvNcn4tqd', 50.002)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh': {
	hash : ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ': {
	hash : ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1KdMEjqeW97Q5jAnzk7QLiwpJ57tj7F9sr': {
	hash : ('1KdMEjqeW97Q5jAnzk7QLiwpJ57tj7F9sr', 50.0295)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 6048f1ff79b5ff4ae211c66c90f51b11bc5f71972511ad12ebec9119efa25157
	time : 1322466668
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0295
	addressesValue_receving : [('1KdMEjqeW97Q5jAnzk7QLiwpJ57tj7F9sr', 50.0295)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0295
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0295
}, '1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE': {
	hash : ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy': {
	hash : ('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV': {
	hash : ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM': {
	hash : ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr': {
	hash : ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '18kTwNek7f8o63Ft4pXT4QQLf5vDih57Ex': {
	hash : ('18kTwNek7f8o63Ft4pXT4QQLf5vDih57Ex', 50.0041)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ce7015e297df032b808e5270d2d1d48d75c26b0c9952e6f5d18aebcf142a1e2c
	time : 1322487083
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0041
	addressesValue_receving : [('18kTwNek7f8o63Ft4pXT4QQLf5vDih57Ex', 50.0041)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0041
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0041
}, '1VrqzM9swdY483MDBPsY32oJb3EDWBge9': {
	hash : ('1VrqzM9swdY483MDBPsY32oJb3EDWBge9', 50.072)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 870a76ee60f638d300d406da63e6757d8ddd9af58268dbb78f3df94889e16905
	time : 1322478107
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.072
	addressesValue_receving : [('1VrqzM9swdY483MDBPsY32oJb3EDWBge9', 50.072)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.072
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.072
}, '13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf': {
	hash : ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV': {
	hash : ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : de5bb080ca2a555554831435058fd1c0baf186dbf3084358780f28e8be046b9d
	time : 1322430643
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.00361
	addressesValue_receving : [('1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', 0.38917656), ('12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', 0.79699835), ('17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', 0.01073359), ('1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', 0.80894584), ('1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', 0.92034614), ('15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', 0.93877262), ('18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', 1.01349483), ('1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', 0.71203417), ('1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', 25.91818558), ('12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', 0.85620199), ('1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', 0.67993409), ('1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', 4.51643034), ('19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', 0.80065257), ('18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', 0.69315045), ('1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', 0.98932272), ('1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', 0.68782647), ('15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', 8.56647547), ('1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', 0.70492822)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.00360999999999
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.4965
	currentBitCoin : 50.00361
}, '1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt': {
	hash : ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS': {
	hash : ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '18jGwkkqb656zJvVmkLbDuGTHmvd4WBYq4': {
	hash : ('18jGwkkqb656zJvVmkLbDuGTHmvd4WBYq4', 50.07827857)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 3191e6c2e24d2c68edd8c23888564257eabf402a7fbdcb6fb5d727eeadb8a0f2
	time : 1322451094
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.07827857
	addressesValue_receving : [('18jGwkkqb656zJvVmkLbDuGTHmvd4WBYq4', 50.07827857)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.07827857
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.07827857
}, '1D4ogH87SLkhqqPPTkEdKS1cc18WJwad1s': {
	hash : ('1D4ogH87SLkhqqPPTkEdKS1cc18WJwad1s', 50.3535)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 788f54d48d1e2c32a959f774bc48035cdc1cda8fd81b9b926a178fdefc190be8
	time : 1322445021
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.3535
	addressesValue_receving : [('1D4ogH87SLkhqqPPTkEdKS1cc18WJwad1s', 50.3535)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.3535
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.3535
}, '12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8': {
	hash : ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1MFKfKktF4jfBXWiC7AU5TZ3k3RaUCSzi9': {
	hash : ('1MFKfKktF4jfBXWiC7AU5TZ3k3RaUCSzi9', 50.0)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 446ebad6f05352fbd89818288528a215266220cdc34ce1e88b9d248b88d5f521
	time : 1322445180
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0
	addressesValue_receving : [('1MFKfKktF4jfBXWiC7AU5TZ3k3RaUCSzi9', 50.0)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 25.0
	totBitCoinMined : 25.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0
}, '1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K': {
	hash : ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1A6AUpmKVpadNdrtAPKABzRALq9VtfgtvZ': {
	hash : ('1A6AUpmKVpadNdrtAPKABzRALq9VtfgtvZ', 50.0025)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 387723f319bc4c4231c7bac5b2e3d899e802a1237fbe50e2fafda4a333884724
	time : 1322474937
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0025
	addressesValue_receving : [('1A6AUpmKVpadNdrtAPKABzRALq9VtfgtvZ', 50.0025)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0025
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0025
}, '1H2tc8NWD7Qvb8ruEoMeUi5dQ1Xbt5hC7': {
	hash : ('1H2tc8NWD7Qvb8ruEoMeUi5dQ1Xbt5hC7', 50.01)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 51d11ed7484e9407b34fd1d1d2d14df6ef20952df26ef3fcd499f15383a2d8b9
	time : 1322439190
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01
	addressesValue_receving : [('1H2tc8NWD7Qvb8ruEoMeUi5dQ1Xbt5hC7', 50.01)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01
}, '13mEWfW72dE1fvhwVZjLZTgLNrUiKYrLPV': {
	hash : ('13mEWfW72dE1fvhwVZjLZTgLNrUiKYrLPV', 50.0375)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 826a6b64953c4991bfa3d26b1c07427839c3eb7faaab651fdf79c96b84672667
	time : 1322480240
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0375
	addressesValue_receving : [('13mEWfW72dE1fvhwVZjLZTgLNrUiKYrLPV', 50.0375)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0375
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0375
}, '1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak': {
	hash : ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd': {
	hash : ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ': {
	hash : ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '12N9dtZBkVFtx7VAbkXdeciptgGrDqjFt1': {
	hash : ('12N9dtZBkVFtx7VAbkXdeciptgGrDqjFt1', 50.0645)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : ff4ff2c52bbfb210d0a7c95d937ad5645cb05a4c707bf84462007dc7c0133be7
	time : 1322473622
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0645
	addressesValue_receving : [('12N9dtZBkVFtx7VAbkXdeciptgGrDqjFt1', 50.0645)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0645
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0645
}, '1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i': {
	hash : ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g': {
	hash : ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 91d9c1381a6cc71c409f04b924d8f9aa7206029ee2806b21b846d8c1ee14cbcb
	time : 1322454663
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.01686492
	addressesValue_receving : [('1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', 0.18281178), ('15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', 4.58935129), ('18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', 0.89745302), ('1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', 3.61906906), ('1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', 0.84777025), ('13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', 5.69472773), ('1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', 0.67432497), ('112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', 0.72815988), ('1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', 0.67134457), ('1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', 3.81017704), ('1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', 0.7143769), ('1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', 4.64190039), ('1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', 3.99604643), ('1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', 0.83049586), ('1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', 0.67680001), ('17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', 0.91218815), ('1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', 0.79241488), ('19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', 3.72417315), ('1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', 12.01327956)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.01686492
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.01686492
}, '1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA': {
	hash : ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c': {
	hash : ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo': {
	hash : ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z': {
	hash : ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL': {
	hash : ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ': {
	hash : ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t': {
	hash : ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : e08de844c1cbcf49e97068319509ae2aad24792017853374c35089c735387d87
	time : 1322490076
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0325
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', 1e-08), ('1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', 0.86795908), ('1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', 4.192e-05), ('1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', 4.192e-05), ('1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', 0.00012578), ('148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', 0.82037495), ('1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', 0.75442341), ('1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', 0.04410815), ('15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', 1.62349404), ('18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', 3.25173997), ('1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', 0.77335406), ('1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', 0.29565242), ('1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', 0.71042971), ('1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', 0.98892191), ('1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', 0.72380312), ('1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', 1.25238646), ('12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', 0.72709323), ('1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', 1.20410339), ('1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', 1.08348356), ('15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', 1.36017017), ('16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', 1.13088569), ('1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', 0.67850464), ('1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', 3.15463099), ('1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', 11.07201825), ('1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', 0.68181122), ('1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', 0.39073933), ('1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', 0.00041927), ('1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', 0.76607439), ('19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', 2.64298152), ('16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', 0.4514339), ('1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', 1.22778206), ('17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', 0.75238604), ('1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', 0.00054506), ('1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', 0.50982209), ('1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', 1.20275664), ('1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', 0.67411588), ('1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', 0.92628758), ('1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', 1.13037906), ('1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', 0.74081132), ('18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', 0.70119307), ('1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', 0.69087004), ('1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', 0.74996913), ('17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', 0.6956678), ('1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', 0.71784277), ('1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG', 1.860865)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0325
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0325
}, '1B68XTqZ56StDYo7SJMXAG449BBUUwjSEE': {
	hash : ('1B68XTqZ56StDYo7SJMXAG449BBUUwjSEE', 50.0235)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 19747b8448c0d4ab2bab744569e239acfe08349dbd9a250da0e40dd8b490f012
	time : 1322470576
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.0235
	addressesValue_receving : [('1B68XTqZ56StDYo7SJMXAG449BBUUwjSEE', 50.0235)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.0235
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.0235
}, '19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw': {
	hash : ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}, '1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ': {
	hash : ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172)
	miningCount : 1
	tx_mining : [ {
	id : 856b8189b001805547ed0c6bc31eca507de8621fccd339d4d06d52d21c004c07
	time : 1322445171
	value_in : 0
	value_out : 50.002
	addressesValue_receving : [('1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', 1e-08), ('1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', 2.07505032), ('17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', 2.24115767), ('12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', 1.31697703), ('1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', 2.19902902), ('15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', 1.15266824), ('1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', 2.79796509), ('14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', 1.66322179), ('1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', 1.44257075), ('1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', 1.7755197), ('1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', 2.73184809), ('1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', 3.0161759), ('1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', 1.49782497), ('1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', 1.20055856), ('1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', 3.09476213), ('1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', 2.7078274), ('18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', 0.0181951), ('15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', 0.03214417), ('1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', 0.67582057), ('1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', 1.38491172), ('1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', 0.69598006), ('19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', 1.71547295), ('1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', 1.88687607), ('13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', 1.55763573), ('1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', 1.01774311), ('1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', 1.55017935), ('1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', 1.30708371), ('1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', 1.33077625), ('1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', 1.38773722), ('1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', 0.0032284), ('18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', 2.2919374), ('19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', 0.78167203), ('14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', 1.45144949)]
	addressesValue_sending : []
} ]
	tx_payment : [  ]
	tx_credit : [  ]
	totFees : 0.002
	totBitCoinMined : 50.0
	totDollarMined : 2.53899
	currentBitCoin : 50.002
}}

['15QYqct6uX2rBTiFHstHfMYZ54wsXsXUr9', '14gEJovhLmCxr8XqxJqwKPwTqYJQd6jjga', '1JrDKqzsE7xWfvfwLs4ZCjyTZ2EZE5Fc87', '175d7jUMuywqGKfb3VVCV7hLe91EM46Urb', '1KUCp7YP5FP8ViRxhfszSUJCTAajK6viGy', '1ALBQWjJh22mqE7UvssWQUswn1wrVWWBH1', '19NRWRg6QvofS6JcDLT9jKww2bh2EpUmKk', '1HvyorMojJp4u7cL59bRJARGi5mQKf9wrB', '1NgWK2FLynxiZKDvG9fZWc6TBLferokx7M', '1CayeXF1ehCDShjEQZjp2DuFz8EA2bmnG7', '12sQutpWWPuBVXMLKCAAWr2rLKES9UwLvj', '15VVe2EDgckLFRzKUrjXdkm7Pec868p7nS', '13UzMo444RY2AeE8GwZBv9QfHAiEwv75Z4', '1Py1XcN2tA1mnbvCSoK2T6Bo6ZM6qRcjsa', '1CufrCC9yMF1JiCFZW1cptqF3aHgUm5cy', '12PhN5dQ4qawFeVGRvwZWNw2LSwcHjUzDS', '17ZRZbxNohSyQozFR5RZHV9Pg73SGWbueP', '1Dto3dbLFNoP31AjbR7yAwAekDkYYCaP46', '1PCNvqWLA1ZKx7Vpr3jLS36ZYFsmQKSR3M', '15yMh5tdiwZN5bRTvB2bWEHkbkdRBxRXxn', '18Vsx8eivUGtxabpkWMqAUTxU8HuuBABSH', '1ETeWsGN7AdzDKer2vQTLQHJ4keuzRwmdV', '1NEyKg9dkEYXNQfuEYMCv549XjccjCDjPd', '12jaoSx9E4grbSZcXS7NJ44syvCCVG7BBR', '1Q51Am8mzXiTkeL2rCLmMAQmQ7wdC4DJzZ', '1NTFtxFUjkNiaxtapufDUAEgBYuF9jRYYu', '19wccgQh6BYVvX7CMbB72qb6fdpG57quvr', '18VGTpcKGvMAREEVg55u6otvJ8kh5CGMUs', '1DYsTKeG7vPTGNCiwUjzeseqQwf67q67eV', '1H7cjbU2dT9itwsGfxC2NjN4HatjcBGZiA', '15xiz9KQjG6oWcafNkNjvMmLcb4uUYm4kn', '1MEmWVKw5oD3SLBypay5NubYa4Jge1hLyc', '12cGvJUjfhegU27DcVfc3u6ECtTMrGYg1x', '1PJ3TeyMoh8gY7Mah2Bdti4CrwNuNm7NoS', '1CoH6axNu9wiCbw1dkTH7kjEUNZjgY7reu', '1CcY4NdVQu5LMsRssyCYAQHdj114tUpno6', '14fZ2eyDc6r1xq4Z4LGtcyD7QjYb5d8QzN', '1H2tc8NWD7Qvb8ruEoMeUi5dQ1Xbt5hC7', '1Mu3eL2EZK6ptVpHeBCKLqhfpQKTFNsAaP', '158aaHTBs1d2tDNSpxWPYDBKqTpiu27s1t', '1ENrx1a9H1KKCSteABAPwWHLuWPKvehSrZ', '16UUoXoMoVGSYyr7jtryXLLUbcgtoyNsmF', '1D4ogH87SLkhqqPPTkEdKS1cc18WJwad1s', '1GXpUSjr4cxfGh13Yc5MSLzjovdxFLei96', '1JKddMWhVDQzX5Dg89WKuDg8grV1o1qW42', '17jzrD7Rv6UTWo73JMiGMFTFYss5wfnKLJ', '12ioJ6cu7RbBJdkxX8Dk3Pu8DeUPqTfzQf', '1xXPfji6p6yEkgHKGvdes4m7iVe4MRFLW', '15Zncs3mMC6RApoSMQpjptAhzAtHC8pUxq', '1BtSy5ckjcqrtuS3MLUSgCtaPBh8jf7GL1', '14eGCyBqfWoKPCM6te1LTmMdrV1WSyzjfk', '1DVhQK4j6MQeU3QWD7VakP7WWCDBDfojnf', '1AeRErDn38iw4tYz4Y5Z9atJa8NdsEpMaq', '1Luckyy2PLMDhLvSs2K7i5spMA3ACE4YEt', '1PzV9kHvB2vU3np2Ei1YxvPAS8HZppJ5UX', '1N7BoSWRYgFefFvXBgHTkB743r39uBjqqi', '1Ls2ECVwAFSbSXf5LEzTiBqDywu3GmC9yL', '1Gp4j6Enq3XCHPAg22pXSxBG2DnnMWDH8B', '1KBxbcT4QLeKecfuW5gXDwehVn7kWB5Q2K', '18areKALzoFD5A8GZbDN2ZdjArQdcCfwdo', '15HEEQL1Sp4PjLQ1X9986M3cVhkgWKzxWc', '1Lx6BDD3DUGpJBqiRTdZ1RWnUzTdycvz6x', '1GSLacgmSXt8avVZC2ZRK1J8qsRuZykjdQ', '1B8w1nyn7YX3P1Qwstqpk45kLK2nMRZqu', '19mWx4HQkcNQJXvw2SiKyZFSijfP1ayEBx', '1AHNq8FkdhNDSEg5BXagsDcdE1ZDx2LTma', '13nR5PpuAwjMKVGnFr1Rs42bttETCWoeCd', '1NXk9vEKg8LkcHtHwuZTPhFbUDS6L5Gy29', '1Ex3H6iPPLKfEPin19qhT1Uy2s9i5dPs9i', '1ATvwns9ZbC2uTjezPwiPJ8qYw9Pag7iMx', '1N4Acjxz7Zh56EWGxEsz3nvXgUFach78uA', '1MSn7rwKAqZkrczLpg6UsXd1jS2HG1PcGu', '1FFFGppXs7LoBCgGVCsFeKM54x8bU5VSBA', '18UrcJVZCQQ4CLb48DqNrUba7uHMb8vFkL', '19aScpwfekVjQuhUAezSzbu6JAK55HKXvw', '14taL5rQfd5XcpirEUKARZ18LB4crCbvXv', '1MFKfKktF4jfBXWiC7AU5TZ3k3RaUCSzi9', '1KSMoEedkpbjBXhCjn4TuUKEJ76JdAFtx9', '1cFamaLfHWwtieH6fh5ghd2g2mh2VCNbi', '1L3qRZtPppgHiR9HLX8xzSHQM7gTactB9', '1BpLpi9dw8p49ZaHqYmrTXNFGm74VrTGbV', '1HAY8mC2SynfyoeZQyAwCHDpGcDjkcKkDC', '1DwNExBk3GwGzvD7DzyZWMVDz57ZHhLvUo', '18jGwkkqb656zJvVmkLbDuGTHmvd4WBYq4', '1MRmrVS3vxHianbJkP7C4C4hNzNMvnL3JC', '1NyN3joWCAqtQ2Lz6ucRFWtbUCsxqchDgK', '1Dtp12anoezpCfKhNvDCHj8XSHtnK5eKoy', '1PULcV5ussmLYz53L2LbGnb1C4d9b3c3Kr', '1Lj717ZfR9CVRMekX79pvE3HkFvEpYbF33', '15kZZVh28AA6Ya3232bCXC9FLMtYFnmHZd', '18fHAgALPqcNwgeLd1VcCjjmfQQ8X5MCVt', '1NNsRfSUxcSSyJ5VSZeWZTshc2LcmLPcDx', '1DyMS8sW3xf1gEtaddU9ifPhWstNDPS26g', '13ggk9GP6jFMqcHeSyM6Pr34XuZ2uiYpmf', '1AAAA1inoADZAF6wJtrvcZLT2nVwt5Zzuo', '112ha45fyjV3SNM2dTbBrehTo6MEQXUSsE', '1NgQqWzvqWcW9kA7y478m4cQHT8CyQFakM', '1471p6KdPCtdGQN7iT2m2QSxitt9mKtMDQ', '1DJEm7vnasQtyjh7sm2eaRGooeZwrjyUAW', '1JKiWMfocn341K3Pz9Mb4suGMvq9Dx5TKe', '1N5Wp87yDXwNcdAXTpkfgmCmNjbWAHcSpT', '1N3sBsr2k5Pobm6FKTJz7HRxW1b8qB3c2V', '1HamnFPHGkcG9NfMrA42GVAMzWyiwagwGQ', '17HNu3mQN1ZBkUtJCs41hjJ8TVeb9gwAvX', '1DtJbAES7pFp1gRYGNy76W4ugfb9vG15S1', '19RtTqLgisZyqJWxNJqkUk6nXmYoG2MQXJ', '1AroV9DWxKtppu6veDyEkRMM578GaRSzGa', '19pT5AZw2Rgvxtpg74hqxbBtgAMSjCHcdz', '1MGuWngxdSfnfUH74qXiiBAtWVa9mAhjCy', '18U4owGL15jNjaX9XTgsgV4WHctcTzfZz2', '1KJ5WfyLTxJKF7c25qdD7JKxKemKiEw8KK', '1Moy9pEdZbgUw6SMogUSv2BUUzcE4BpKZS', '17tF6t8y18MaeTw6hej7UPZshWx7hp6Gnt', '1Ki6sPxLVLvsWTBTSQgC19BUUnZ6LY445r', '1PzLwLPQZGQqGSRvusXBgePJLQtS2MPdk1', '1HomZBFo8557wdc6GYEWpiJ79UhCUWB1ui', '1Pu8CbpPcd4bLJeccXnChRyW5hyDXPXsm5', '12f2Qbf8j3eWEyi9CBfa5nR2Eq1RQzn6pD', '19sQchPE969hPGK8vU6MnH4bz3vvYy3qRT', '19PkHafEN18mquJ9ChwZt5YEFoCdPP5vYB', '1KdMEjqeW97Q5jAnzk7QLiwpJ57tj7F9sr', '1LZknRBPWeUrE7B3bT876HBFD9N5pudaZj', '19LhjNfgRsUM9QCaZCzzW2gyzzaDHxxbQp', '1NLqVyNRwdD11BUbq5picdW5acigox71oj', '14aG4WmvEzhedXGgXVu5EV9XFBHhyAGKnd', '1P592YXEZ49TPXwETYjhnUez8qLpDYE9Bq', '1CeiTUAtqY3FwbutMWkiqJEeEMS74qWLJc', '167nJ5ocQyyiZRpwoJFWUAB6MYQFChQbpc', '1B68XTqZ56StDYo7SJMXAG449BBUUwjSEE', '16LiSthr31tx69DGmBtay5LZMmHLwWvKY9', '1BfKTtGfk7swxkhty3qvBVxu9nHQnGmhp', '12N9dtZBkVFtx7VAbkXdeciptgGrDqjFt1', '1KgFb4Q4Ncm6MEhrmPGEwm46r4E5gaE6Ke', '1MeD7mAMDxmQGJr5euyHckDAWAL191aeLA', '1A6AUpmKVpadNdrtAPKABzRALq9VtfgtvZ', '16585wVn2z78doSvjcZt1iNE2hTqwuc5uj', '1VrqzM9swdY483MDBPsY32oJb3EDWBge9', '13mEWfW72dE1fvhwVZjLZTgLNrUiKYrLPV', '1BC2b9zbSAwq4JRUFBkWcDBWmvvNcn4tqd', '14opqxGiHh5V1b2GW4G9LT1YZRW2dMT2o2', '1426PQcArA4o2D9hVU2RqZYjpq7ysR61RW', '1EKkai4QWvUaZxXigCYiGeW4C6RMxcWUQu', '1Dqs5s6DrwKQsusY6BSbpjLZqhbk92FZp1', '1E6h5zswRcZbCi2ofAukJaWApgyF3qS4Fn', '16DoAf2FCRCFrEiQyDR34SARuYRcvENUWg', '18dqaQsYVvaSJhw68vL4d7836Wkk9jG64P', '1JF7cKp2c4UP8ejPo38MBSefMxJofirKqx', '18kTwNek7f8o63Ft4pXT4QQLf5vDih57Ex', '18p53XuEvyantkdTSHDGZkMVEukaGFC3Yn', '19kQzQXz8YoLJrf8sr7ToQHokg6yFoYTvF', '1Af1mqgDNSqkYccwsrsQkaKbrVZE42DXFL', '1GajiSCNQYRFwpV5xQniXfNaNTzsyimXco', '1KbS6CAt99tYTtsnpPvV75q93K3hNZUbN9', '1M1hXXDjTQq6tMdtovpkSZZhsECrLw1cye', '1CzuspUChqjVerjcar2vJbaPV4vHtB3waD', '1QDsACw1k87HKMMWKQnX6t3ST4eqFeoUtt', '148k7UtdEqFz3zxkMkZTmDnHiX3PdRivC2', '1FQmn2YyqMVbYb9TxJW6mMgh5gZYkhTxnG', '1Cgzp52kvfjX3dLo1sU75sEo5UY16Byd8X', '15ZJZxtV9K1LZSC9XPW6EnyZpdQks2PcwS', '18xVLmCawGdLLLERi9LEDjoRue9NyTQXrt', '1JtioUp4X13d6NPa55CHb3JiKMUJ799pgo', '1H7i9oKdCm9GJRuYFMfvsaXwFBwVcyZqx9', '1BcprDgmc1Hbcw8Hooi7mZLBwKgt7zYaoC', '1DN6ZttogE7eoKFGT3CQqZNDzZREucVmKD', '1TMrFYsePXBkQ4dSA8VdYpGyC13kcuGGd', '1HxsjUP4DWNx8yqAvVjJ4xkesHgQ7B2J8D', '12TJibnH3Fw9b5YU5vzSgGUMSKxXEq5Nj8', '1HucmfB4guvNowxnW4nB6szvvhExpVAJRV', '1L1B7zA9KmuYkaBGXQSiBU9mh4SShsG8Gb', '15Lmz2nRbMg3DivuRvRP3g6V4jzXV2sNJy', '16sHTgfG1Cdebut48F8WMLtw37XpNvZmJP', '1LyGDQU7C4gXZCUfcyfrWW6iLEAfzBMTxX', '1FdMvDFMi581QUj9vDKZHSyU3MCJAAgGz4', '1M3MDFTHt6vAdnfFc1rPRwQQitmFgEu239', '1JWfjCGuAQdJ3GsjtCJNmRsyWGb6kmx9zC', '1M77knxLMSkRAsJWYjMFnWEbRk2QJJJgXQ', '1P23iDjHL7LaQQ3sJQH6WfvNwfMB2DULak', '1GpzbRidy86mgtN8f4x6TWFZqCVcPY7T1J', '19kWQzUavrn7f3tdYapVsaVsYKQJL18Aei', '16JpqWFBW8meEbnBBFXQ1aa86ShtLiQ1Fs', '1DCCgEWJjv22Duah9wh8F7HpwedPPaVDpv', '17WgySzMnPVaJd27DhJqSxHhZXMCB29dDJ', '1E8jPYas4iJGTrpwfgRgigjRmjGFNqtcuF', '1JVAGNdXWMQe1G4erjpo1oaRjsqMPdra9g', '1P6LRr5pwz3i8zAcSEqA5jXjvreL5wDD5c', '1GgtojBrk4L3zXbihYfttZF8Fqpnpp1mTk', '1PyeymUht8vb92WDAUfvTNi2X8ZRgsQj4Q', '1FdhCYSi3GvyuDVao8Q7JqqbtqNQWZ6phE', '1GT2PdkbK3TkoB522aMGQHbd8ARvXhLT8Z', '18Hqop9AsuCcAy8sLFcmSsThB3ZxmhbF7P', '1JJUZ45gsQnCRLmYeCRGK1wB6FAsL4rDJJ', '1LdEqSM1qbAndBWxanASBUpyVJmLUhYj2t', '17ZWNSsikXBNgaGGhNyzmkdk7r6DL5E1H2', '1FkFFs5QuFqqGgUovo6HN7SR2LSiUPK8Eh', '1Ee5XNNxiBZv21CzNhVthYkHSmqQwFz7VG']
0  hours  8  minutes  35  seconds 
